Hello friends, welcome to your own
YouTube channel Vaishali Honor Process.
In today's video we are going to talk
about CSC Insurance.  Many
VLEs ask what is RAP in CSC Insurance
or what
is IAS?  What is the difference between the two?  Let us
talk about those people who have activated both
or have cleared any RAP exam but have
not been able to get insurance yet.
Now we have cleared the RAP exam with live process,
through ICSC we can do an insurance
which can be called third party or
we can do insurance through both the parties,
friends.  Ok?  Well,
you can simply log in through any browser by giving your CS VALUE user ID and password.
So this is how the interface will come to you.  You
can see.  After that,
whatever you have, first of all
look at the top, there is an option of insurance.
Ok?  See the services like this.
After that, look at insurance here.  If
not, then simply what will you do?  From here you
can see next to the three dots
Search.  You can also search from here.
Friends, click on the insurance option.  You can see it here, if you look at it
carefully then you
can see the motor, here you can see your motor third
party and motor conferment,
here you will see two options,
simply we will tell you both the ways, we will
also talk about how to increase the value of your vehicle, your bike,
and also about the third party which only
protects you from the police, in simple language, those who
do third party insurance, they get their vehicle
insured only to protect it from the third party i.e. the police.  There will be many
who will be searching for both.  Simply we
tell you that if you want the value of the car here then you
can simply see it.
Tick ​​out here like this.  Now let's talk,
see from here which one you have
activated.  There are many
companies like HDFC EGR or you
can see Universal SBI Life Insurance
Chola or whatever it is, you
will simply search here accordingly.  Ok?  Here
we will search ICICI.  Correct?  You
can see ICICI here,
if you have cleared the exam from RAP,
simply we are telling you about RAP, it is fine,
ICIC Laboratories General Insurance, simply what will you do,
we will click on the click here option,
as soon as you click,
if you are asked for user ID again,
simply you will give your user ID i.e. your
CSC ID and password and simply capture
code, what will you do, you will click on sign in,
as soon as you see, here you will see that
many things like two wheeler, four wheeler, ECV will open like this.
First, we will tell you only the
parts of two-wheelers.  At present we are
telling about ICIC LBRD.  Ok?  Simply
here package and TP means third party.
Simply, we will first tell you
about the package in which you can say that it is first
party.  In this you will
be told the exchange value of the vehicle.  Increase, decrease.
Ok?  Simply what should we do?  First
click on the package.  After that,
you will see the most important thing here.  You
can tick out here according to your convenience in English or Hindi.  Ok?
Friends, here you can see 'Do you want to see',
here the old policy is there, so simply say
no to it.  Here we will simply enter the registration number
i.e. your vehicle number and bike number.
As soon as you enter the bike number i.e. vehicle number.
Click on Get ITO Details.
You will see that all your data
comes already pre-packaged.  Ok?  And the
most important thing here is that
you will simply tick out your Inter RTO City
R Centre here, that is, enter it and it will appear.
Ok?  Here his first time
registration date will be shown.  Policy start
date will show which we are showing from today.
Ok?  You can see its manufacturer here.
Whatever your company is, you will be
given the option to tick out here.  Ok?  You can see it here.
After that, you will see the most important
thing here, let's see here other
manufacturer,
according to this the data comes automatically.
Ok?  Whatever you have in the model will
open here.  If it seems wrong then
you can correct it by ticking it out from here.
Ok?  After that you
can see the changes here.  You can see the value of the vehicle here.
Example showroom price 89148
is it ok?  Here it is ₹6744, if you
want to increase or decrease it, you
can reduce it accordingly from here to 19951.
But this should not be done in this case.
Anyone who is our CSC Daily brother.  Ok
?  Here, the more you give,
the better the benefit to the customer.  Simply check here
we valued the car at ₹2744.  Simply here the
policy is normal ok, nothing has to be done with it,
manufacturer, all this has to be left as it is,
after that friends, current registration type,
here for how many years do you want to take it,
1 2 3, simply in easy language, it means one
year, anyone is
fine, simply all the data is correct, then
what will you do simply, you will
click on the get quarter option,
as soon as you click, you will see here,
as soon as you see, here the total
amount premium, here we were told ₹125.  That
means whatever money you have will be shown to you.
Ok?  If you look here and
see the view premium breakup, then
whatever data is there here tells you how the money is deducted.  There is
no need for this.  There is
no need to panic about this.  Simply
what do you have to do?  Here you can see the one years
we have selected.  So simply here you
will see the most important thing of one year here.
Once you confirm, you can see other details like
engine number here, chassis number here, body type
here, body description here, that is, if you
want to write something extra then you can simply write it.
Ok?  Now what do you have to do after that
?  Add nominee details here.
Ok?  If you want to do it here, you can do it.
Whatever you can see in his nominee details, you can see it here in relation to your name.
Aunty Brother
Brother there are a lot of these.  Whatever
you want to keep according to our
CSC value, we will
enter the name of the nominee here and we will enter their age as per the
minimum age of 28 years or 14 years.
Ok?
After that see the KYC details here.
In KYC details you have here
Complete KYC to Fax Customer Information.
Click on KYC and what will you do
here?  Now, whoever
is the owner of this vehicle, you will enter both the Aadhar card and PAN card of them here
carefully.
Simply enter their PAN card number and date of birth.
After that, if you
want to give Aadhar card here then Aadhar
card number, 12 digit full name and if it is
male then male, if it is female then female.
What will you do by entering the date of birth here
?  Simply submit it and
as soon as you submit it, all
your data will appear here.  Ok?  Like
we show you.
Please see tomorrow that if the KYC is
not taken correctly then simply the OTP goes to the number linked to the
account of our customers i.e. Aadhaar.  There is
no need to panic about this.  Ok
?  You will simply verify it and
what else will you do?  Here the data will come to you automatically.
Ok?  Friends, as soon as its data comes,
what should you do with it?  Simply
Simply you can see generated.  Will click on this.
After that, as soon as you move forward from here, you will
see here that you have the password of your CSC ID.
After that the wallet's M PIN will be asked.
As soon as you enter the M PIN of the wallet, the
money along with the commission will be
deducted from your CSC wallet, friends.
Ok?  As soon as the money is deducted from
your wallet.  After that friends, see
carefully that your receipt comes just below it
and you can take a printout of the receipt from there.
Finally we can see it by taking a print out
which was also made available on our mail
and here we can also see the receipt in front of us.
We have done KYC and whatever name was there has
come here.  Its policy
start date can be seen as 12.991.225
and the last date is given as mid of December
10126.  That means whatever
data you had, it comes in it according to you.
Ok?  You can see whatever our CSC Value Bandhu
is.  Okay friends?  Well, this
was some small information.  If you liked the video, then
please like and subscribe to the channel
and you can easily give it by taking out the print out of this
and along with this, please pay attention to one important thing,
friends, when you do this work, then
what will you do with it, if
your bike is in front, then
for your safety, you must take
photos from two-three angles i.e. from four angles through note cam and
keep it on the mail ID or
ask the customer to get this photo made and keep it.
This insurance is good for your protection if something happens due to any reason while making a claim.
Let's hope you found the video
helpful and important.  If you liked the information,
please like and subscribe to the channel.  We will
bring the next part very soon in
which we are going to tell you how to do third party insurance.  Hail
India.